You hold the shares of all the family members
You say you have no money
What to pack
Sign for me.
You didn't sign it.
No sign no sign I don't sign
Stop
I'm going to your mother
Okay, are you alright?
I'm going home on a sunny day
Take you home
Longjing Tian, you bastard
Who let you in?
How dare you kick me?
You pay me, I'll be my monster.
Ye Shunfeng, I warn you for the last time
Don't mess with me
And you?
Be a conscientious parent
Damn it, let him run away
Night with the wind I tell you
If you don't think of a way
If you have no money or shares
I will divorce you
Humph
You should be Tianye Fanxing
Otherwise, don't blame me for being unjust
Stegosaurus handsome day
When your family perishes